
                **  Question Bank  **


    	 Introduction to yourself.

    	 Write a C program to print your name, date of birth, and mobile number.

	 Patterns  with the help of escape sequence (Fish,House,Reciept,Result)

    	 Write a program to convert given number of year and day.

    	 Write a program to print a table.

	 Write a C program to print a block F using the hash (#), where the F has a height of six characters and width of five and four 
		characters. And also print a very large 'C'.

	 Write a C program to print the your name in reverse order with characters.

	 Find the are of circle and rectangle.

	 Write a C program that takes hours and minutes as input, and calculates the total number of minutes.

    	 Write a program to print a swapping number.

   	 Write a program to check given number even or odd.

   	 Write a program to print simple calculator.

   	 Write a program of to find out the area of tringle,rectengle and circle.

   	 Write a program to make a square and cube of number.

    	 Write a program  to find the simple interest.

    	 write a program to check maximum number between two or three.

    	 Write a program to check number is division by 5 or 11. 

    	 Write a program to check given character is alphabet or not.

   	 Write a C program to print numbers from 0 to 10 and 10 to 0 using do while loops.

   	 Write a C program that prompts the user to input a series of integers until the user stops entering 0 using a while loop. 			

Calculate and print the sum of all the positive integers entered.
   
    	 write a program to check given character is alphabet,digit or special character.

    	 Write a program user enter the 5 subject marks. you have to make a total and find the percentage.

    	 Write a program to check given year is leap year or not.

    	 Write a program to check given character vowel or constant .

    	 Write a program to take a input number & check week or day.

    	 Write a program to given total numbers of note to given number.(ATM)

    	 Write a program to print a table print using do....while loop.

    	 Take a input from user whenever user not input value 94. 

    	 Write a program to take 1 to 100 and print only even number.

    	 Write a program to not enterd zero until sum of all number.

     	 WAP of Addition, Subtraction, Multiplication and Division using Switch case.(Must Be Menu Driven)

    	 Write a program to food order system (ex :choose any one like 1.pizza 2.panipuri 3.coco) using  (do....while loop).                       

    	 Write a program to print alphabet a to z ( loop ). 

    	 Write a program to print number into reverse order.

    	 Write a program to make summation of given number ( e.g. 1234 -> 10)

    	 Write a program to print number is palindrom or not check.

    	 Write a program to print number is armstrong.

    	 Write a program to print fibonacci series using loop and conditional programing.

    	 Write a program to find out the max number from given array using function.

    	 WAP to find factorial using recursion

    	 WAP to make addition, Subtraction and multiplication of two matrix using 2-D Array.

    	 WAP Find out length of string without using inbuilt function.

    	 WAP to reverse a string and check that the string is palindrome or not.

    	 Write a program of structure employee that provides the following information -print and display empno, empname,
             address and age.

     	 Write a program of structure for five employee that provides the following information -print and display empno,
              empname, address and age.




    


  
   

    


 